Use function definitions in StatsAPI (#744)
JuliaStats/StatsBase.jl: docs/src/statmodels.md

# Abstraction for Statistical Models

> [StatsAPI.jl](https://github.com/JuliaStats/StatsAPI.jl) defines an abstract type `StatisticalModel`,
> and an abstract subtype `RegressionModel`. They are both extented by StatsBase, and documented here.

Reviewer: I wouldn't mention that StatsBase extends these types since that's the case only for a pair of functions (which should probably be implemented in StatsAPI too):
```suggestion
[StatsAPI.jl](https://github.com/JuliaStats/StatsAPI.jl) defines an abstract type `StatisticalModel`,
and an abstract subtype `RegressionModel`. Functions defined for these types in StatsAPI
are reexported by StatsBase and documented here for convenience.
```

Author: I was wondering about moving those as well, since we have the others now...

> and an abstract subtype `RegressionModel`. They are both extented by StatsBase, and documented here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and an abstract subtype `RegressionModel`. They are both extended by StatsBase, and documented here.
```

score
stderror
vcov

> weights(::StatisticalModel)

Reviewer: Why not keep this?

Author: There is no longer a specific definition in StatsAPI - its just `function weights end`.

`weight` cant stay here either because it's already included in weights.md, so you get a duplicate entry error

Reviewer: Ah, indeed. That's annoying. I guess the only solution is to include just `weights` here, but make the signatures in weights.md more specific.

Author: Ok I've reshuffled this so it can still be in both, with the specific signature in weights.md
